README.md, before:


<div align="center">
  <img src="/banner.png" alt="Genesis Banner" width="100%" />
</div>

## **Hi there!** Wassup 👋

I'm a <b>Aspiring Web Developer</b> passionate about building clean and responsive apps.



## 💫 About Me :
- I'm a 3rd-year student pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Information Technology.
- I'm passionate about building <b>Full-Stack Applications</b> with modern technologies.
- I'm looking forward to collaborating on future projects.
  
## 📚Tech Stack:
<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="JavaScript" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="TypeScript" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="PHP" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="React" />
    <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="TailwindCSS" />
    <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/laravel-2.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Laravel" />
    <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/next-js.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Next.js" />
  </div>
</div>

## 🌐 Socials :
<div style="display: flex; gap: 2px; align-items: center; flex-wrap: wrap;">
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/clark.genesis.9400" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white" alt="Facebook" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/genesis-clark-0ab92836b/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.com/channels/@me" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="Discord" />
  </a>
    <a href="https://genesis-peach-delta.vercel.app/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/genesist45-000000?style=for-the-badge" alt="genesist45" />
  </a>
</div>

Commit message:

Refine introduction in README
Updated description to emphasize readiness for production and deployment.

README.md, after:


<div align="center">
  <img src="/banner.png" alt="Genesis Banner" width="100%" />
</div>

## **Hi there!** Wassup 👋

I'm an <b>Aspiring Web Developer</b> passionate about building clean, responsive applications ready for production and deployment.



## 💫 About Me :
- I'm a 3rd-year student pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Information Technology.
- I'm passionate about building <b>Full-Stack Applications</b> with modern technologies.
- I'm looking forward to collaborating on future projects.
  
## 📚Tech Stack:
<div style="display: flex; flex-direction: column; align-items: center;">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="JavaScript" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="TypeScript" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="PHP" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="React" />
    <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="TailwindCSS" />
    <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/laravel-2.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Laravel" />
    <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/next-js.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Next.js" />
  </div>
</div>

## 🌐 Socials :
<div style="display: flex; gap: 2px; align-items: center; flex-wrap: wrap;">
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/clark.genesis.9400" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white" alt="Facebook" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/genesis-clark-0ab92836b/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.com/channels/@me" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="Discord" />
  </a>
    <a href="https://genesis-peach-delta.vercel.app/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/genesist45-000000?style=for-the-badge" alt="genesist45" />
  </a>
</div>
